README.md, before:

#Project name.:Track Triange
#Project description.
My project called Track triangle is about to chacking what types of triangle
Firstly,it will be allowing the user to enter the number that they wish to enter ,in addition to that as question asked to check whether if the triangle is isocele,scelene and equilateral
i used conditional statemnts if and esle if condtion to check if the user is willing to see the if the equilaterl she/he can be able to check and if she/he want to check if it is isocele they can get it and there is buttom to submitt to see if what you checked is true.
Author(s) information.
Setup instructions - includes any scripts that need to be run if necessary.
BDD.
Technologies used.
Contact information.
License and Copyright information.

/\* Notes

    In computing, a parser is one of the components in an interpreter or
    compiler that checks for correct syntax and builds a data structure
    (often some kind of parse tree, abstract syntax tree or other hierarchical structure)
    implicit in the input tokens.


    Technique
    if (side1 is equal to side2 AND side 2 is equal to side3) {equalitateral}

    if (side1 is equal to side2 AND side 2 doesn't equal to side3) {isosceles}

    if (side1 doesn't equal to side2 AND side2 doesn't equal to side 3 AND side 3 doesn't equal side 1) {scalene}

    http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_comparisons.asp

    */

Commit message:

i added   auther and  story of BDD in README

README.md, after:

#Project name.:Track Triange
#Project description.
My project called Track triangle is about to chacking what types of triangle
Firstly,it will be allowing the user to enter the number that they wish to enter ,in addition to that as question asked to check whether if the triangle is isocele,scelene and equilateral
i used conditional statemnts if and esle if condtion to check if the user is willing to see the if the equilaterl she/he can be able to check and if she/he want to check if it is isocele they can get it and there is buttom to submitt to see if what you checked is true.
Author(s) information.
#Setup instructions - includes any scripts that need to be run if necessary.
I used if statment in javascript in addition I used also ifesle statments
I used sytles in CSS and i used heading ,links i used also paragraph in HTMLs code not only that but also, I added i used input buttom that allows the users to enter the number that they wish to enter.

Technologies used.
Contact information.
License and Copyright information.
#Author:
Claudine Akimanizanye <akimanizanye.claudine@gmail.com>
Date: Fri Dec 14 11:50:41 2018 +0200

# Behavoir Driven Development

     Story: Tracker Triangle  is way of checking types of triangle the questios was about how you can check  if the triagnle is  isocel equilateral  scelene or not  among of this i mentioned above not let foloow what i did in javascript


    Technique
    if (side1 is equal to side2 AND side 2 is equal to side3) {equalitateral}

    if (side1 is equal to side2 AND side 2 doesn't equal to side3) {isosceles}

    if (side1 doesn't equal to side2 AND side2 doesn't equal to side 3 AND side 3 doesn't equal side 1) {scalene}

    http://www.w3schools.com/js/js_comparisons.asp

    */
